builtins.getFlake: Support path values (#15290)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/rl-next/getflake-path.md

---
synopsis: "`builtins.getFlake` now supports path values"
prs: [15290]
---

> `builtins.getFlake` now accepts path values in addition to flakerefs, allowing you to write `builtins.getFlake ./subflake` instead of having to use ugly workarounds to construct a pure flakeref.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`builtins.getFlake` now accepts path values in addition to flakerefs, allowing you to write `builtins.getFlake ./other-flake` instead of having to use ugly workarounds to construct a pure flakeref.
```

"Subflake" has not been defined and only used informally. So far we've kept even the informal use out of the manual, which is a good thing in case we want to ever define it.

```console
$ git grep subflake doc/
<crickets>
```

Reviewer 2: I read this as a concise example of "flake that lives under the same store path as some other flake and has the same outPath attribute as the outer one". So formally defining what "subflakes" are is certainly warranted.
